[Music]
mmm-hmm I know what you did last summer
what you had for lunch yesterday and
that you cried like a baby when your
favorite celebrity couple split up about
20 years ago this would sound really
creepy but today in the social
networking era basically anyone can say
this about their friends but in some
cases over sharing and bad online
manners just go over the top so here's
my list of things not to do number one
sending one-word messages sometimes when
chatting with friends you try to be as
brief and expressive as possible and put
your thoughts in short sentences like
awesome deal and so on it's all fine as
long as it actually delivers the message
but it's a whole different thing when
someone is typing a long sentence and
for some reason splits it up sending it
word by word is it like their internet
provider charges them for every letter
in a message whereas the number of
messages is unlimited
anyway imagine how annoying it feels on
the other side you literally chained the
other person to the screen and make them
wait and watch as your thoughts are born
one by one it's even worse when they
aren't by their phone or laptop and the
device is constantly beeping on the
other side of the house it's pretty
scary to get 42 notifications in five
minutes just to find out later that your
friend went shopping yesterday and
purchased three pairs of stilettos
number two only saying hello in a
message do you have that one friend who
types hello sends the message and waits
for your response I know they're trying
to be polite in everything but online
communication is slightly different from
the real world if the other side just
can't respond hi immediately and get
down to business
they'll have to wonder what on earth do
you want from them once they read the
first message are you there
do you have a minute and the like also
fall in the same category it's way
better to greet the person and explain
what you want from them
in one message this will save both of
you a bunch of time and help solve
whatever problem you have faster number
three bombarding people with ecards oh
oh I love receiving e cards the more the
better and I'm particularly excited when
their glittering said no one ever
newsflash your morning will still be
good your weekend will still be great
and your summer will still be fun even
if no one wishes you so in a car they
found online and sent to 36 other people
as well probably the most dangerous type
of a Carters are those who find the most
irrelevant holidays and wish you a happy
pickles day or happy beekeeper day now
if you actually have a friend who is a
beekeeper this is awesome and you want
to show them you care about this
professional holiday the best thing you
can do is give them a call or write
something yourself even two lines
composed by you are better than a
multicolored generic card yup number
four posting way too much stuff sharing
is caring but sometimes too much sharing
means too little caring do you really
want to know what your friend has for
breakfast every single day with their
commute to work look like here come the
videos and how they went grocery
shopping unless you're a news agency it
might be a good idea to limit the number
of posts you make per day to one even if
you're let's say traveling or doing
something that seems like the most
exciting thing in the world to you
are you positive your subscribers are
ready to look at 187 pictures from your
trip if they are they'll probably take a
look at your Facebook album but won't be
too happy to scroll through all that in
their Instagram feed a few pictures that
look really good will be enough and will
most likely bring you more likes by the
way social networking sites are actually
getting smarter these days and filter
the content in such a way so that not
everything you're super active friend
posts shows up in your feed thank you
number five live-streaming concerts and
events have you ever been to a concert
you didn't plan to attend then you
probably have to thank that one friend
who likes to snapchat the entire concert
or start live streaming on Instagram
well it's hard to keep the excitement
levels down when Beyonce is right in
front of you it won't look that exciting
to your friends especially if you aren't
in the front row seats and your phone
camera doesn't let you broadcast in full
HD nevermind the piracy you're doing
against the artists themselves huh the
same is true for birthday parties
baseball graduation and actually any
event and know creating 32 Instagram
stories about the one event you attended
isn't any better share one good picture
or video and add a meaningful story of
how exciting it felt to be part of that
event and you'll be fine
trust me on this number six going crazy
with hashtags and emojis some people
must think their readers need visual
hints on how to interpret their words so
they add emojis after every line they
write or better yet after every word in
a short sentence maybe it's a good idea
to sometimes just let people read and
give their eyes a break from emojis the
same is true for hashtags unless you're
a blogger or have a commercial account
do you really believe adding more
hashtag quote hashtag popular hashtag
beautiful is gonna help you get noticed
more unfortunately it's more likely to
make you look funny
number 7 posting attention-seeking
updates what have I done to deserve this
sad smiley all people go through rough
times but some feel the need to
cryptically broadcast their hardships
they don't give any details they prefer
to create the aura of secrecy and say
something like i'll PM you when asked
about what's going on deep meaningful
quotes like love is love and not love is
not love also work fine for them what
the heck
and some of them also announced they're
taking a break from social media and two
days later come back as whiners or
winners or even wieners take your pick
just stop doing that please number eight
exposing your love life it's awesome to
be in love but do you really have to
share every detail of your relationship
with the rest of the world posting
selfies with too much affection involved
documenting every date you take or
sharing pictures of your sleeping
significant other is a bit too much no
actually it's way too much the only
thing that's worse is posting mean stuff
about them if you fight or break up
number nine sending one word voice
messages not everyone likes voice
messages because it's not always
convenient to listen to them when you're
at work or save a family dinner but
what's even worse is when you ask a
person a direct question and instead of
typing yes or no they choose to record
it for you with their voice the unlucky
receiver then has to excuse themselves
find a quiet place and listen to that
response also you can't copy and paste a
voice message if needed and if you have
limited internet it'll eat up way more
of it than a text message number 10
inviting people to like stuff they
obviously don't care about it's great
when you and your friends have common
interests and you invite them to like a
page you know they'll actually like but
when you create pages or events for work
and send invites to like and attend to
your entire friends list don't be
surprised if people choose to stop
receiving invites from you number 11
tagging people and photos and comments
without asking them not everybody likes
being tagged in party pictures or any
pictures whatsoever
no matter how funny and awesome they
might seem to others and it's really
hard to find a person who likes getting
involved in tagged to friends and
comments and win a Sun screen kind of
stuff so it's always a
to ask people first then share their
pictures or nickname with the rest of
the Internet number twelve reposting
everything you see it's normal to get
excited about stuff and want to share it
with your friends but are you positive
they want to see seventeen pictures of
puppies everyday or endless what piece
of furniture would you be tests in fact
even when you share meaningful stuff
like useful articles or news it's always
a good idea to explain what it means to
you or what your opinion is on it
instead of just hitting share or retweet
otherwise chances are your subscribers
have already seen this piece six times
and you're just flooding their feed with
it
feels so good to get that off my chest
so which of these habits annoys you the
most or maybe it's something that wasn't
on the list let me know down in the
comments if you learned something new
today then give this video a like and
share with a friend but hey don't go
posting those 47 pictures of gosh darn
cute puppies just yet we have over 2,000
cool videos for you to check out all you
have to do is pick the left or right
video click on it and enjoy stay on the
bright side of life
[Music]